bpo-36950: Add run_until in test.support.script_helper (#13407)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Tests/2019-05-18-18-33-02.bpo-36950.f-K73w.rst

> Add a new test helper (named run_until) to evaluate a condition repeatedly until it becomes true or a timeout is reached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a new test helper :func:`test.support.script_helper.run_until` to evaluate a condition repeatedly until it becomes true or a timeout is reached.
```
